# Introduction to business automation

Most of the business processes today are executed by humans, supported by technology. This is about to change.
More and more, business proesses are executed by technology, supported by humans. 

A process that is automated to a large extend may still require support from a human.
When it comes to taking a decision based on profound knowledge of a situation, leading a payment dispute with a customer or 
simply decoding an unreadable handwriting in a form - people can master such situation better and faster than today's technology.

An automated business process delivers efficiency and speed improvements. 
People who still need to interact with the process may benefit from a user experience that supports them in their task. 
The user interface may provide all information that a human needs to complete their task in context of this task.

In general, automation technology includes any form of software that allows an automated execution of business processes:
Workflow engines, business rules engines, digital document processing, Robotic Process Automation, Natural Language Processing, Artificial Intelligence and many more.

In this tutorial, a business process is created that includes a series of steps where humans and technology interact and complement each other.
The business workflow is authored and executed in IBM Business Automation Workflow (IBM BAW). The creation of the business workflow does not require 
implementation skills. This concept is referred to as "low-code development".

You will develop the business process Standard HR Open New Position. It is initiated by managers who need to staff an open position.
The request is approved by a General Manager and then routed to HR to find an appropriate candidate.

The original tutorial can be found in https://www.ibm.com/community/automation/docs/baw/tutorials/hiring-tutorial/
This version of the tutorial includes updates to the look and feel based on IBM Cloud Pak for Business Automation version 21.0.3.
